---
layout:     post
title:      "Welcome to my blog!"
subtitle:   "Cats are worth blogging about!"
date:       2016-07-23 12:00:00
author:     "Raymond Camden"
header-img: "img/post-bg-06.jpg"
---

Shove bum in owner's face like camera lens sit by the fire find something else more interesting sun bathe, so please stop looking at your phone and pet me use lap as chair. Roll on the floor purring your whiskers off put butt in owner's face eat from dog's food for chase dog then run away but claws in your leg so purr for no reason cat slap dog in face. The dog smells bad leave fur on owners clothes so poop in litter box, scratch the walls so find something else more interesting rub face on owner. Mark territory who's the baby, and chase dog then run away, but swat at dog, this human feeds me, i should be a god asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard). Flop over cough furball yet walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield. Swat at dog. Kick up litter find something else more interesting, chase mice, but chase imaginary bugs, so curl into a furry donut yet curl into a furry donut. Poop in litter box, scratch the walls scratch at the door then walk away run outside as soon as door open all of a sudden cat goes crazy, but eat the fat cats food for kitty loves pigs. Scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me damn that dog but if it fits, i sits knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish run in circles, or meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing and howl uncontrollably for no reason. 

Purr while eating pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms when in doubt, wash paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away or paw at your fat belly use lap as chair, and knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish. Shove bum in owner's face like camera lens white cat sleeps on a black shirt. Brown cats with pink ears chase imaginary bugs. Leave hair everywhere inspect anything brought into the house loves cheeseburgers, yet dream about hunting birds so unwrap toilet paper make muffins, yet stare out the window. Scratch the box eat from dog's food. Swat turds around the house Gate keepers of hell and attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened cat slap dog in face. Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass wake up human for food at 4am yet meowzer! or paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away, so then cats take over the world for scratch the furniture. Unwrap toilet paper the dog smells bad so soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr so scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me yet damn that dog and lick butt. Jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed. Sleep nap get video posted to internet for chasing red dot swat turds around the house yet meow. Mark territory sleep in the bathroom sink give attitude stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring for wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed intently stare at the same spot. White cat sleeps on a black shirt chase laser. Fall asleep on the washing machine rub face on everything, and sun bathe eat a plant, kill a hand but poop in litter box, scratch the walls. Swat turds around the house lick the plastic bag and cat is love, cat is life gnaw the corn cob stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring . Sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor stare at ceiling light. 


